groups are officially wrapped here at
Worlds 2017 with coverage presented by
mobile lytx I'm joined right now by
sneaky who after North America's a stud
Ashley impressive - and nine-week is
moving on to the quarterfinals sneaky
I'm sure you were happy to be making
under the quarterfinals but I also want
to ask you generally how do you feel
after this week where we saw this such a
rough time for North American general
and also today was not the clean of
state for cloud 9 um I mean I expected
EDG actually come back strong they are
the number one seed coming from LPL and
they lost all two games I was so
unexpected because they were like so
close in all of them except for ours of
course but yeah like I expect him to
come back strong I didn't expect the
Caitlyn or like the hard push strategy
that they did but yeah I mean I think
it's okay like we went 3-3 in groups I
didn't really expect to go like 2-1 like
I thought our group would be really hard
to play against and they ended up being
really hard like we lost both games SKT
we beat a DG or uh EDG once and then HQ
twice so I think we did okay
like we weren't a super strong team in
this group or anything but I think we
did fine now you move on to
quarterfinals as we speak they have not
done the drawing yet but who of the
first seeds would you like to play I
honestly okay with any of them because
it's long as you are in gene worldly
like all three of them look really
strong you would you would you look you
don't care if you got long as you
instead team W II know this surprised me
because I feel like long Jiu everybody
considers them to be so strong team w e
seems like they sneaked out I mean they
did really well in the last day like
they went three oh they smashed TSM like
they did the caitlyn strat so they look
really strong like rng as well like all
the teams look really hard to play
against and yeah I mean I think like if
we want to prove ourselves like he does
really matter we play against what do
you think your chances are because it
was a bit of a rough day for you but it
sounds like you guys probably learned a
lot from it so what do you think your
chances are between now and you know
moving into quarters you know there's
actually really weird meta changes that
happens around worlds like something
randomly pops
like this here it looks like Kaitlyn and
like super strong pushing strategies are
popping out last year it was like Zyra
that came out and Emily enjoying week
two and that one like really stuck it
was really hard to play against so I
think if we could just be really
adaptable and maybe you could find
something ourselves then we can come
over they head cuz like the gamers EDG
it actually felt like there was nothing
to do like we were winning trades
botlane and then their whole team was in
there and we got five mando like there's
our alina counter play like it's really
rough so I hope we can find something
nearly as strong as that kind of
strategy and I think we can do fine what
is it about cloud 9 that so frequently
allows you to escape groups I mean in
the past four years you guys have gotten
out three times except for the one time
when nobody from North America made it
out and again just like last year you
guys are the one team to escape from
groups so what is it about your team
that even not you know it's not like you
guys are getting first seed out of North
America all these different times so
what is it that is allowing you guys to
do this um yeah that's I've been asked
this question a lot
I think it's kind of hard to really say
because I don't really know other teams
environments like what really happens
between them so I don't really know
their interactions and maybe it comes
down to that because like the way we
look at the game is just about trying to
find what's the best like what is the
best thing we can be playing always
trying to find new stuff like when arted
sensors topi it's not like we're looking
at a oh my god sensor every game you
it's like let's go sway sensor this
strong like let's let's win some games
and I'm I don't know if other teams are
like that so that's why I'm saying it's
like a really tough question but I think
that's probably part of it um and
otherwise it's just like attitude with
the team in general like I don't think
you know TSM has any like chokers on
their team like I think they just
probably prepared the best they could
and found their strategies which we're
not working like I don't know it's super
hard to pinpoint what do you think what
do I think I assume it's because you
guys are just better at adapting to
worlds and like going into scrims and
learning stuff and then watching games
and figuring stuff out whereas I assume
like the other teams are not able to
adapt to the world
Mehta but I'm certainly not an analyst
so this is just like my random idea but
perhaps that's the case yeah it's weird
too because as like a higher seat of an
a you get more parity in scrims so you
can play the top teams were often
whereas us we've basically only spin
fnatic like we scream a random if we
criminally eg once before we saw the
group ja we spent like HQ Hong Kong
attitude like we've tried our hand a lot
of teams and yeah it's it's really weird
honestly like through that because yeah
maybe they are just learning really
badly from the top teams like maybe
they're getting smashed or maybe they're
smashing and like getting really
overconfident or like trying out not
trying out enough stuff I don't know
yeah it's interesting because if you
guys are only screaming phonetic that
implies that phonetic is only Sturm you
guys they had a very disappointing first
week and yet then they were able to come
back so strong this week so it is maybe
there is something maybe there where you
guys are just screaming each other and
that's allowing both of you guys to do
well yeah I mean it for sure is
something to do with it because yeah
both of us got out of groups like fnatic
didn't look like they're gonna get out
of coups at all and yeah they did pretty
well I mean it's it's also similar to
the last two years for us because we
were third seed in both of those I
remember in 2015 we had the absolute
hardest time getting screams I got the
guideway were screams and this year and
yeah we went like three oh the first
week and just surprised a bunch of
people so I don't know is just so many
factors that are hard to name them all
going into today I thought you guys
might have liked it might almost be
beneficial for you to have a team like
SKT in your group because you know miss
Katy is just gonna kill everyone and so
then like it's not like you have like
the random team that's really good but
might just drop a game randomly to one
of your opponents and give them that
extra leg up but then we saw SKT drop a
game randomly today and they looked
vulnerable so yeah you know like every
game SKT played that wasn't against us
they were behind so much like early on
so they didn't even look like super
monsters and all their games yeah do you
think that especially after playing SKT
now twice and seeing them in your group
do you think that SKT are pretty
vulnerable this year is there a good
chance that we'll see somebody else
snatch
World Championships earning them yeah I
think they're definitely a whole lot
more vulnerable for sure I think yeah
the feeling I got from playing against
them the last game we just played I felt
like we were a whole lot more like
nervous against them just because we
weren't doing like normal things like I
felt like our lane setup was awkward and
we just couldn't really do anything
about it
they didn't even have like a weird
strategies as much as EEG did so yeah I
mean I think they're vulnerable because
just because of all the games they
played like they were getting behind
early game every time but I still think
they're really strong team
they'll probably you know make it
Sammy's maybe they'll lose too long as
you potentially if they're on that side
of the bracket yeah I mean you can't
really count them out though like
they've won so many times so far so they
can still do it for sure so anything
that you want to say to any of the fans
especially the any fans who are like
they could have at least somebody made
it out thanks for treating it son
very good well thank you so much for the
interview looking forward to see your
performance in a weekend-long show but
also you can check out the rest of our
coverage of all things worlds right here
on my youtube channel i want to thank
you all so much for the kind words and
support about my videos here in china
i've been trying to put out a ton of
great stuff and you know what it
wouldn't be possible if it wasn't for my
sponsor MOBA lytx they are all about
helping you try to get better at League
of Legends by identifying your personal
strengths and weaknesses and you can
actually check them out over at mobile
EKG / Travis they're also running a
great giveaway that's in the description
of this video so feel free to check them
out